Dr. Pepper Braised Short Ribs with Butternut Squash Risotto
Serves 4 
Short Ribs
2 Tbsp vegetable oil
4 short ribs sections, 12 ounces each, trimmed of excess fat
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
8 large shallots, peeled, trimmed, split, rinsed and dried
2 medium-sized carrots, peeled, trimmed and cut into 1-inch lengths
2 ribs of celery, peeled, trimmed and cut into 1-inch lengths
1 medium-sized leek (white and light-green parts), coarsely chopped, washed and dried
10 cloves of garlic, peeled
2 bay leaves 
2 thyme sprigs 
2 Tbsp. of tomato paste
1 bottle red wine
2 cans Dr. Pepper
3 quarts unsalted beef broth
Center a rack in the oven. Preheat oven to 350° F.  Heat the oil in a large, heavy, ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Season ribs all over with salt and pepper. Then, when oil is hot, slip the first section of ribs into the pot and sear 4 to 5 minutes on each side until well browned. Transfer the ribs to a plate. Repeat with remaining ribs.
Remove all but 1 Tbsp. of the fat from the pot, reduce the heat to medium and add the vegetables and herbs. Brown the vegetables lightly, 5 to 7 minutes, then stir in the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute.
Add wine, ribs, Dr Pepper and broth to the pot. Bring to a boil, cover tightly and place in the oven to braise for 2 1/2 hours or until the ribs are very tender. Every 30 minutes, skim and discard fat from the surface. When they are finished, remove the ribs and begin to reduce your braising broth to desired consistency.
Roasted Butternut Squash Risotto
1/2 pound butternut squash
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
1⁄4 tsp. ground cumin
1 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil
3 cups braising liquid (from ribs) with added salt to taste
1 medium-sized white onion, chopped
2 Tbsp. butter
3⁄4 cup Arborio rice
1 tsp. minced garlic
4 Tbsp. Boursin cheese
1 1 ⁄ 2 Tbsp. chopped fresh sage
Preheat oven 450° F.  Cut squash lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Season with salt, pepper and cumin, and toss with olive oil. Cover with foil and place on a shallow baking pan on the center rack of the oven. Bake about 50 minutes or until fork-tender. While still warm, place squash pieces in a blender and purée until smooth; add water if needed for processing.
Start risotto by bringing seasoned water to a simmer in a large skillet and hold. In a medium-sized heavy-duty pot, cook onion in 1 Tbsp. butter until translucent. Add the rice and garlic, and stir for 3 minutes. Add one-third of the hot liquid and begin stirring. Repeat until the rice has absorbed all liquid and has creamy consistency; add the purée, cheese, butter and sage and season with salt and pepper.
 
Place risotto in bowl and top with short rib.
