Vegetable Tart
(1 portion)

1 stalk celery, diced
2 carrots, diced
2 round slices of daikon, diced
1 round slice of onion, diced
1 radish, diced
2 rings of red pepper, diced
3 thin round slices of ginger, sliced into sticks

saute diced vegetables in olive oil and pinch of salt. Add sliced ginger. Fit vegetable mix into circular form and place on plate to serve.


Stuffed Mushroom Caps

Fill musroom caps with vegetable mixture as above. Bake ten minutes at 180° F C.
Grilled Vegetables Gratinee

Place mixed grilled vegetables in ovenproof dish. Top with mixture of fine breadcrumbs and Parmesan cheese. Bake ten minutes at 180° F C.
Batter for Tortes
(enough for four tortes)

700 grams butter or margarine
700 grams sugar
14 eggs
800 grams flour
5 grams baking powder
zest of 1 orange and 1 lemon

Mix butter and sugar. Break eggs into bowl. Add citrus zest. Pour eggs into butter/sugar mixture, two eggs at a time. Mix in flour.


Pinolata

Grease pan and coat with flour.
Pipe in layer of batter with pastry bag.
Top with raisins (soaked in water or rum)
Pipe in layer of vanilla custard (may add cocoa powder)
Pipe in second layer of batter
Top with pine nuts.
Bake 40 minutes at 180° F C.


Whole Apple Torte

Core, peel and halve three apples. Score apples lengthwise. Line greased pan with wax paper. Fill pan with batter to 1/3 depth. Place apples on top of batter. Bake 40 minutes at 180° F C.


Apple Torte

Core, peel and quarter three apples. Slice apple quarters crosswise. Line greased pan with wax paper. In bowl, mix apple slices, raisins (soaked in water or rum) and fine bread crumbs. Stir apple mixture into batter. Pour batter into pan. Bake 40 minutes at 180° F C.
Potato Croquettes
(2 portions)

1/3 kilo potatoes, boiled and mashed
1 raw potato, grated
2 egg yolks
1 carrot, thinly sliced into sticks or grated lengthwise
½ stalk celery (root end), finely sliced
1 leek, sliced into think matchsticks
olive oil
salt and pepper

Mix eggs yolks, salt and pepper into mashed potatoes and heat in saucepan to form creamy paste.

Saute leeks, carrot and celery in olive oil with pinch of salt.

Form two patties from potato mixture. Add sauteed vegetables and fold over each patty to form a ball. Set on wax paper.

Cover croquettes with grated raw potato. Wrap each croquette in wax paper and drop into kettle of boiling vegetable oil. Remove when browned.
Gnocchi di Patate

1 kilo potatos, peeled and cut into sixths or eighths
2 sprigs rosemary
1 clove garlic
salt
pepper
nutmeg or mace
250 grams white flour (“0” or “00”)
50 grams Parmesan grated cheese
stick of butter, left to soften at room temperature

Boil potatoes in pot of water with rosemary, garlic and salt. When potatos can be poked with a stick, remove from water. Discard garlic and rosemary.

Spread flour and cheese on surface. Pass potatoes through food mill into flour/cheese mixture. Add salt, nutmeg (or mace) and pepper. Mix with spatula. Roll mixture into ball and let sit five minutes. Roll into ropes and cut to size. Dust with flour and roll on fork to shape. 

Place in boiling water. Gnocchi are cooked when they float to the surface.

Serve with tomato or ragu sauce.


Gnocchi with Greens

Fresh greens (Swiss chard, spinach, broccoli rabe, or similar) 
2 shallots 
Olive oil
Salt

Boil greens about five minutes. Run under cold water and strain when cool. Squeeze out water. Finely chop greens.

Thinly slice shallots and saute in olive oil until lightly brown. Add greens and pinch of salt and saute for further 3-4 minutes. Allow to stand until cool.

Add sauteed greens to Gnocchi dough, then roll out, cut and boil as above.

Serve with butter and salt.
